You make it clear
Is that accurate?
Absolutely.
My family works at a highway toll booth
He saw it with his own eyes
The International Olympic Committee's car is driving towards our village
The president of the Olympic Committee has come to our village
Then there are real dragons in our village?
Hahahaha oops
How about that? Am I right?
Ruolan, he really broke the record
Zhao Ruolan is not only not a disgrace to your village
And ah!
He is the glory of your entire Zhaojia Village.
I believe that in the future, the villagers of Zhaojia Village will
Will be proud of Ruolan
Ruolan, oops.
Just say the fortune tree
I've been watching you since I was a kid
Smart
Haha Village Chief
It is not a good thing for the president of the International Olympic Committee to come to our village
It's a bad thing
Zhao Ruolan, he carved things and was taken care of by others
It was in the papers.
That's the biggest stigma of the Olympic Committee.
So
The chairperson of the National Committee came to our village in a rage
Are you here to ask for guilt?
Yes, yes, ask for blame
Us
Quickly distance yourself from this bargain
Lest the time
Forgive our Wanglong for being so
All results are reported
First place in the women's group
It will be announced in 10 minutes.
Please be patient.